I don't wanna be your friend
I just wanna be your lover
No matter how it ends
No matter how it starts

Forget about your house of cards
And I'll do mine
Forget about your house of cards
And I'll do mine

Fall off the table,
And get swept under
Denial, denial

The infrastructure will collapse
From voltage spikes
Throw your keys in the bowl
Kiss your husband 'good night'

Forget about your house of cards
And I'll do mine
Forget about your house of cards
And I'll do mine

Fall off the table,
And get swept under

Denial, denial
Denial, denial

Your ears are burning
Denial, denial
Your ears should be burning
Denial, denial

So today I go to this slampiece's house. I've been hooking up with this whole summer so she usually leaves the door open for me. When I get there, its business as usual, and I walk in, but this time I see her bent over the table getting railed out by some other bro. Instead of flipping out, I snuck into the kitchen to grab a Smirnoff Ice. Then I proceeded to sneak back into the livingroom to ice the bro. He dropped down to a knee where he downed the ice like a true champ. Smut got pissed and kicked us both out.

Sup bros. I want to tell you a story about my bro, who is notorious for blacking out and doing stupid shit, and our frat, who got fed up with getting in trouble for his antics. This past semester, my brothers were so mad at him, that each night they assigned one of the pledges to make sure he was under control. Basically a DD for his life. A few days ago, this pledge goes out with my bro and the entire night is stopping him from doing stupid shit while he is drunk. Eventually, the bro gets tired and goes back to the house, where the pledge leaves him passed out in his bed. The next morning, my bro is gone and his cellphone is off. I got a call from him later that afternoon. Apparently, in his blacked out state, he called a cab to the airport, hopped on a plane and woke up in the middle of a flight to Denver. I am not sure how he got through security, but that is a night he will never forget... or even remember.

"So my bro went out in LA last night and got so drunk that he was kicked out of the first place we went to. We crossed the street to go to another bar, but my bro could barely walk and fell down in the street. As he was laying there, the cops rolled through and told him to get up and go home. Unfortunately, he couldn't get up so they helped him up and over to a bench. He proceeded to vomit on the cops shoes, so they arrested him. Since today is Sunday, and the courthouse isn't open, he has to spend the day in jail. Sorry bro."

This is a pretty long story posted by a true bro.

"One of my bros decided to come chill for his Christmas exodus and on New Year's Eve, about 6 other bros and I load up in my Mazda 6 to hit up some parties. The first one we stopped at was nothing but high schoolers as we were mislead by a wanna-be-bro. We left that fool at the party, but chilled for about 15 minutes until I some dime piece started chatting me up. 

Me: What grade are you in? 
Slam piece: Freshmen.
Me: In college? (wishful thinking bro)
Slam piece: Umm, no.
Me: Bros, we gotta go! 

We grabbed everybody, 'cept that fool who led us here, and literally every beer they had and headed towards the next party. On our way, we had to stop so I could take a piss. We pulled over next to this car in a gas station, I got out in front of their car and started pissing in front of them. They honked, so I flipped them off."

"We got to the next party and it was banging. They were feeding us shots, and as the night progressed a myriad of crazy things happened. One bro fucked some girl then started walking around naked, another bro chatted up a dime piece right when we got there and wasn't seen again until the next morning, another bro got denied by some chick (poor bro) and he fell asleep in the upstairs hallway. Here is what happened to me: I got domed up in the middle of the living room by some slam piece while the party was in full swing. Next, I took every blanket and pillow from every room to sleep with and to top it off I also jacked a mattress. Finally, I blacked out on it in the hallway. When I woke up, I stole their entire carton of orange juice, rounded up the bros and went to breakfast. 

Here's the cherry on top: the bro that was initially denied, fingerblasted some slam piece. Shit you not, his fingers turned green. Nasty.

That's how you start a new year... bro style."

 
So my friend was in Thailand and got picked up by these two Thai chicks. They brought him back to their place after a few drinks and one of them started making out with him. He had just landed a few hours before and just wanted to get to his hostal, so he tried to leave, but as he turned the other had taken off her pants. Turns out she was a ladyboy, her dick was mouth level when my bro turned. Yea, the dick slapped him in the mouth. Shocked, he pushed them off and ran out with his bags. When he got to the hostal he found out they had stolen his wallet. #sorrybro

So my bro and I hit this house party with the shots pouring, but no fine breezy in sight yet. Then, in walk in these 3 chicks, one of which is a straight dime! I start chatting her up, and as the night went on she got pretty buzzed. We had a couple make out sessions throughout the night and she couldn't stay off me. At the end of the night, my bro and I get invited back to her place; him with her other friend. When we get back, her room was a mess, so I end up doin this chick on a pile of laundry on her bed. I was almost finished when we hear it "Who the fuck is this!" The laundry started moving and, yeah, it was the chicks mom!?!? She calls us all to the living room, with this dime getting dressed, but me and my friend just look at each other and just book it to the car. No chance I am trying to have that conversation. 

So my buddy is visiting me from out of town. Naturally my goal is for him to meet a lovely lady. Fastforward to the end of the night. We haven't had much success and as it is the end of the night and we have drank our faces off our standards drop a little. We end up talking to these two decent chicks as the bar is closing. We convince them to come back to my place. Eventually he takes his to my couch and I go to my room with mine. Mine is boring and we basically just pass out. My buddy ends up fingerblasting and getting domed up. Which is great, however, as soon as he finishes, the girl starts talking about love and that she is gonna go visit him really soon. So my bro panics and throws a blanket on her and ends up sleeping on my roommate's floor terrified, until the two girls leave at 6am. I guess he didn't want to marry a 6. #brostory

Me and my bros went out the other night and I had a couple 4 Lokos in order to get our swerve on. Next thing I remember is being in some bitch's car getting domed up. Problem was, I didn't who she was, and could recall the back of her head. Anyway, I woke up the next day and am missing my sweet Blackberry. When I logged onto facebook and discover this chick had messaged me saying she had my phone, and her phone number for me. Best part was, she was half-decent looking. I guess "blackout me" did well, really well. #brostory

So I went to Spring Break down in Rosarito Mexico, I know real classy. My friends and I are raging all week and we of course keep getting approached by girls. Some of which are prostitutes. One night my friends decide it would be funny to buy me one, thinking that I would puss out. I'm not gonna turn that down though. So we go back to our hotel room and I take off my pants and she starts doming me up. No less than one minute in police bang on the door, I guess they saw us leave, I would never trust the police anyway. Luckily I had remembered to leave my shoes on. So as quick as a flash I grab my pants and jump out the window and sprint up the beach and only bad thing was the blue balls. 

Moral: Always leave your shoes on when your getting head from a prostitute in Mexico.

So I went out last night and it was a pretty regular Saturday night. Toward the end of the night I noticed this absolutely gorgeous girl lookin over my way. I was pretty hydrated at this point and decided 'what the hell.' So I chatted her up, and low and behold she just absolutely ate my shit up. Needless to say we were back in my apartment quickly. Things were going great. This girl's body was easily the nicest that I have ever seen. Right as things were really getting going, she pulls her face up from mine and just looks horribly sick. Unfortunately I did not get out of the way and I took a vomit shower in my own bed. I won't tell you how long it took to get clean. Normally I would have kicked her right out, but she was crying and still really hot. Next morning I wake up to her making it up to me by showing me how nice her brain is... All in all. Worth it.

My hometown bro wanted me to come to his college for spring break. Bro is loaded so he springs for the ticket. We go out to the local bars and parties and have a fabulous time. At one bar, I met this tiny little thing that was way out of my league but at the time I had been drinking since early afternoon and his bros were feeding me shots, so my Rico Suave was really kicking in. It was about 10 pm and I'm decide I'm tapping out for the evening, and somehow I managed to win the dimepiece over. We got back to the bro's apartment and I knock the bottom out of it till a least 4 am. 

We both wake up late and she say's, "Shit, what have I done, I got finals today, I have to be in class by 10:30 or I'm screwed." I asked her where car was and she said she didn't have a license, so I grabbed my bro's vette to take her to school. Get there about 10:20, she has no bra on and no panties (I knew about the bra because she was freaking out because we couldn't find it and the panties I found later when my bro was wearing them on his head when I got back). Back at my bro's place, my bro is sitting on the phone with police because he thinks his car was stolen. Apparently he never bothered to check to see if I was there. When I walk in, he explains to the cops, then asked me where I went. 

Last night at the end of your average night of bar debauchery my bros and I were stumbling home when
we were faced with a group of lovely ladies. Of course, we approached them and began to impress them
with our amazing wit and style. However, these ladies had already been claimed by another group of
bros, and they were not as keen on our wit as the ladies. Although many harsh words were exchanged,
no blows followed. As we walked we saw them get into a car and turn a corner. We ended up turning
the same corner to see their car getting pulled over. DUI anyone?

After bars last night I pulled of the ultimate maneuver. My bros stopped to eat some pizza. As we were
waiting for our pie, a dime piece wandered in, unaccompanied. I told my bros, “watch this,” but they immediately
began ripping on me and doubting my game. However, within 15 seconds of walking up to her, we were
making out viciously. Ended up grabbing the number and then enjoying some hot and tasty pizza. The
only problem? I have no idea what I said to trigger the make-out sesh.

So the other weekend I was out with my bros hitting the usual bars. The night was fun, but fairly average and uneventful at the beginning. There are five of us: 4 bros and a fem-bro to drive us around. At closing time we all head back to her car in a parking garage. Before we get in all of the beer we drank hits each of us so we all decide to spread out to take care of business. I wander off and do my thing and then head back to the car. As soon as I sit down I see a cop open the door to our floor and look straight at our car. I look back into the car and realize that my bro was still out there. The cop looked pissed, but immediately spotted the straggler, red-handed as it were. My buddy was completely unaware of the cop standing behind him as he fought his pee-shyness. At this point the cop, with a newly acquired smile, taps my buddy on the shoulder. That tap, however, scared the piss out of him and the cop had to shuffle out of the way. Not a good end to the night for that bro.